[Docs Site] Change all internal links to relative (#8303)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/support/Troubleshooting/Cloudflare Errors/Troubleshooting Cloudflare 1XXX errors.md

-   An external domain that is not on using Cloudflare has a CNAME record to a domain active on Cloudflare
-   The target of the DNS CNAME record does not resolve.
-   A CNAME record in your Cloudflare DNS app requires resolution via a DNS provider that is currently offline.

> -   [Always Online](/cache/about/always-online) is enabled for a [Custom Hostname (SSL for SaaS](/ssl/ssl-for-saas)) domain.

Author: ```suggestion
-   [Always Online](/cache/about/always-online) is enabled for a [Custom Hostname (Cloudflare for SaaS](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/)) domain.
```

### Resolution

A non-Cloudflare domain cannot CNAME to a Cloudflare domain unless the non-Cloudflare domain is added to a Cloudflare account.

Attempting to directly access DNS records used for [Cloudflare CNAME setups](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup) also causes error 1001 (For example: _www.example.com.cdn.cloudflare.net_).

> Disable [Always Online](/cache/how-to/enable-always-online) if using [Custom Hostnames (SSL for SaaS)](/ssl/ssl-for-saas).

Author: ```suggestion
Disable [Always Online](/cache/how-to/enable-always-online) if using [Custom Hostname (Cloudflare for SaaS](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/)) domain.
```

If you are the website owner:

1.  Retrieve a screenshot of the 1005 error from your customer

> 2.  Search the [**Security Events log**](/waf/analytics) (available at **Security** \> **Events**) for the **RayID**, or client IP Address from the visitor’s 1005 error message.

Author: ```suggestion
2.  Search the [**Security Events log**](/waf/security-events/) (available at **Security** \> **Events**) for the **RayID**, or client IP Address from the visitor’s 1005 error message.
```

{{<Aside type="warning">}}
[Cloudflare Apps](https://www.cloudflare.com/apps/) are not currently

> supported by [SSL for

Author: ```suggestion
supported by [Cloudflare for
```

> SaaS](/ssl/ssl-for-saas/), therefore

Author: ```suggestion
SaaS](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/), therefore
```

any app using a domain configured on our SaaS solution may produce 1014
errors.
{{</Aside>}}

### Resolution

> To allow CNAME record resolution to a domain in a different Cloudflare account, the domain owner of the CNAME target must use [Cloudflare for SaaS](https://www.cloudflare.com/saas/); more specially our [SSL for SaaS](/ssl/ssl-for-saas/) solution.

Author: ```suggestion
To allow CNAME record resolution to a domain in a different Cloudflare account, the domain owner of the CNAME target must use [Cloudflare for SaaS](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/).
```

-   A missing DNS _A record_ that mentions origin IP address.
-   A _CNAME record_ in the Cloudflare DNS points to an unresolvable external domain.
-   The origin host names (CNAMEs) in your Cloudflare [Load Balancer](/load-balancing/) default, region, and fallback pools are unresolvable. Use a fallback pool configured with an origin IP as a backup in case all other pools are unavailable.

> -   When creating a Spectrum app with a CNAME origin, you need first to create a CNAME on the Cloudflare DNS side that points to the origin. Please see [Spectrum CNAME origins](/spectrum/how-to/cname-origins) for more details

Author: ```suggestion
-   When creating a Spectrum app with a CNAME origin, you need first to create a CNAME on the Cloudflare DNS side that points to the origin. Please see [Spectrum CNAME origins](/spectrum/get-started/#create-a-spectrum-application-using-a-cname-record) for more details
```

If you are the website owner:

1.  Retrieve a screenshot of the 1020 error from your customer

> 2.  Search the [**Security Events log**](/waf/analytics) (available at **Security** \> **Events**) for the **RayID** or client IP Address from the visitor’s 1020 error message.

Author: ```suggestion
2.  Search the [**Security Events log**](/waf/security-events/) (available at **Security** \> **Events**) for the **RayID** or client IP Address from the visitor’s 1020 error message.
```

### Resolution

> Make sure you are not trying to modify one of the [reserved HTTP request headers](/rules/transform#http-request-header-modification-rules).

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure you are not trying to modify one of the [reserved HTTP request headers](/rules/transform/request-header-modification/#important-remarks).
```

### Resolution

-   Use a shorter value or expression to define the header value.

> -   Remove the characters that are not allowed. See [Format of HTTP request header names and values](/rules/transform/create-header-modification-rule#format-of-http-request-header-names-and-values) in Developer Docs for more information on the allowed characters.

Author: ```suggestion
-   Remove the characters that are not allowed. See [Format of HTTP request header names and values](/rules/transform/request-header-modification/reference/header-format/) in Developer Docs for more information on the allowed characters.
```
